Document golden file requirement (#33900)
angular/angular: CONTRIBUTING.md

<hr>

> ## Public API changes and golden files

Reviewer: As mentioned before, I don't feel this info belongs in `CONTRIBUTING.md`. `CONTRIBUTING.md` should contain higher-level info and stuff that most (if not all) contributors need to know to get started.

Letting them know how to handle one specific type of error (out of dozens possible) and even more importantly one that 90% of them will never see, isn't a good use of this file imo.

##
Instead, I suggest we print a link to the relevant section in `docs/PUBLIC_API.md` in the error message. This way, IF anyone runs into this error, they will know where to go to find more info.

Author: Thanks @gkalpak -- I have tried to implement all of your suggestions. Please check again.

Reviewer 2: I'm fine with this, but I don't agree with the 90% will never see number. I've seen a lot of people run into this.

<hr>

> ## Golden Files

Reviewer: TBH, I don't feel this info belongs in `CONTRIBUTING.md`. This file should contain higher-level info and stuff that most (if not all) contributors need to know to get started.

Letting them know how to handle one specific type of error (out of dozens possible) and even more importantly one that 90% of them will never see, isn't a good use of this file imo.

##
I suggest we move this info into a more "advanced" file (either `docs/DEVELOPER.md` or `docs/PUBLIC_API.md` - my preferrence is for the latter) and post a link to that info in the error message. This way, IF anyone runs into this error, they will know where to go to find more info.

WDYT?

Author: OK, putting it in `docs/PUBLIC_API.md` - which does seem a reasonable place for it.

The problem is that the error message does not give a user any clue that the problem relates to the public API. 
Can we modify it to be more descriptive, and to use yarn as recommended? As well as linking to the doc file, of course.

Something like:

If you modify a public member of a [supported public package](docs/PUBLIC_API.md) , you must run the following bazel target to update the "golden files" that track the public API.
```shell
yarn bazel run //tools/public_api_guard:forms_api.accept
```

Reviewer 2: Agreed that the error message should link to the docs.

I think that `CONTRIBUTING.md` should mention Golden Files and point to the `PUBLIC_API.md` docs.

Angular defines a specific set of public functionality, as described in [Supported Public API Surface of Angular](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/master/docs/PUBLIC_API). If you add a public member to one of the supported public packages, your PR can fail a Circle CI test with the following message:

```
Accept the new golden file:

>   bazel run //tools/public_api_guard:forms_api.accept

Reviewer 3: Yes, we should be instructing users to always run `bazel` via `yarn` so that we can ensure the same version of `bazel` is executing

```

Angular tracks the public API in the [public-api-guard](https://github.com/angular/angular/tree/master/tools/public_api_guard) folder.

> That folder includes the referenced bazel script, which you must use to add a new member to any of the supported public packages.

Reviewer: I don't think `bazel script` is the correct terminology. It's a `bazel target` maybe (someone has to confirm).

Reviewer 3: Yeah, the term here should be `bazel target`

> That folder includes the referenced bazel script, which you must use to add a new member to any of the supported public packages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
That folder includes the referenced Bazel target, which you must use when modifying any public API in the supported public packages. Subfolders include `.d.ts` files (called "golden files") which define the public API surface for each package.

Public API changes include:

- Changing a type
- Adding a new API
- Adding a new public member
- Removing a public member (according to the [API Deprecation Policy](https://angular.io/guide/releases#deprecation-practices))
- Removing an API (according to the [API Deprecation Policy](https://angular.io/guide/releases#deprecation-practices))
```

Reviewer 2: After this we should discuss the public API diffs that Circle CI outputs and how to read them. We should give an example. Contributors will need to be able to review the diff and verify that it matches their intended changes.

There is an example in https://github.com/angular/angular/issues/33278 of a type change to the Forms package.

FAIL: //tools/public_api_guard:forms_api (see /home/circleci/.cache/bazel/_bazel_circleci/9ce5c2144ecf75d11717c0aa41e45a8d/execroot/angular/bazel-out/k8-fastbuild/testlogs/tools/public_api_guard/forms_api/test.log)

FAILED: //tools/public_api_guard:forms_api (Summary)
      /home/circleci/.cache/bazel/_bazel_circleci/9ce5c2144ecf75d11717c0aa41e45a8d/execroot/angular/bazel-out/k8-fastbuild/testlogs/tools/public_api_guard/forms_api/test.log
      /home/circleci/.cache/bazel/_bazel_circleci/9ce5c2144ecf75d11717c0aa41e45a8d/execroot/angular/bazel-out/k8-fastbuild/testlogs/tools/public_api_guard/forms_api/test_attempts/attempt_1.log
INFO: From Testing //tools/public_api_guard:forms_api:
==================== Test output for //tools/public_api_guard:forms_api:
--- tools/public_api_guard/forms/forms.d.ts	Golden file
+++ tools/public_api_guard/forms/forms.d.ts	Generated API
@@ -4,9 +4,9 @@
     readonly disabled: boolean;
     readonly enabled: boolean;
     readonly errors: ValidationErrors | null;
     readonly invalid: boolean;
-    readonly parent: FormGroup | FormArray;

> +    readonly parent: FormGroup | FormArray | undefined;

Reviewer 2: I think that we need a sentence that explains that this is using `git-diff` formatting. We probably also want to link to https://git-scm.com/docs/git-diff#_combined_diff_format which explains how this combined git-diff works and what the `+` and `-` mean.
